list all column api properties (#6545)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-classes.md

### Properties

- **char_size**: Returns the maximum size for character varying columns
- **column**: Returns the name of the column
- **data_type**: Returns the data type of the column (with size/precision/scale included)
- **dtype**: Returns the data type of the column (without any size/precision/scale included)

> - **name**: Returns the name of the column (alias for column)

Reviewer: Would it help to include language about how this differs from `column` above?

Author: hey @dbeatty10 can you help clarify the difference?

Author: from looking at the issue, `name` is  another way to access the same info -- alias for column. so it's included for convenience or consistency with other naming conventions.

what about the below @matthewshaver :

name: Returns the name of the column (identical to column, provided as an alias).

> - **name**: Returns the name of the column (alias for column)

Author: ```suggestion
- **name**: Returns the name of the column (identical to `column`, provided as an alias).
```
